DOCSP-34366 Add docs release notes for w/e November 17 (#3083)
mongodb/docs-realm: docs-release-notes.md

# November 17, 2023

## Flutter SDK

- Landing Page: Add section for a selection of the SDK's example projects from the Example Projects page.

> - Realm Database/Model Data/Manage Realm Files/Encrypt a Realm: Add note that you cannot encrypt an existing unencrypted realm. 

Reviewer: Nit: this note only mentions a limitation - it doesn't mention that we provide a workaround. I'd probably reword this to focus more on the details we're communicating - not the limitation. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Realm Database/Model Data/Manage Realm Files/Encrypt a Realm: Add note that you must encrypt a realm on first open, or use writeCopy to create an encrypted realm. 
```

## Kotlin SDK

- Realm/Manage Realm Files/Encrypt a Realm: Add information on encryption for local and synced realms. 
- Connect to Atlas/Connect to App Services: Add information on encryption for app metadata.
- Internal: Rename Kotlin Multiplatform Mobile (KMM) to Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP), as KMM is deprecated in Kotlin template app ``README.md``.

## .NET SDK

- Realm Files/Encrypt a Realm: Add note that you cannot encrypt an existing unencrypted realm. 

## Node.js SDK

- Landing Page: Add section for a selection of the SDK's example projects from the Example Projects page.
- Realm Files/Encrypt a Realm: Add note that you can encrypt a realm the first time you open it or copy the unencrypted realm to a new encrypted realm. 

## React Native SDK

- Landing Page: Add section for a selection of the SDK's example projects from the Example Projects page.
- Realm Files/Encrypt a Realm: Add note that you cannot encrypt an existing unencrypted realm. 

## Swift SDK

- Realm Files/Encrypt a Realm: Add note that you cannot encrypt an existing unencrypted realm.

> - CRUD/Threading: Add more detail on using threading with actors. 

Reviewer: This was kind of a snarl of updates, but I'd like to be more explicit here about the change we're recommending for threading + actors.

```suggestion
- CRUD/Threading: Recommend using `ThreadSafeReference` instead of frozen objects with Swift Actors. 
```

Author: Thank you!

> - React to Changes: Add details on setting up notifications for changes to different actors. 

Reviewer: This isn't really adding details so much as clarifying/rewording what was already there.
```suggestion
- React to Changes: Clarify details on observing notifications across Swift Actors. 
```
